USF-1489 Developer tutorials are published for extending the Order Summary (#114)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/tutorials.mdx

<Diagram caption="Cart without any customization">
  ![Cart without any customization](@images/dropins/cart/cart-originally.png)
</Diagram>

### Remove Item: Remove total saved

The following example removes the Total saved line:

```typescript
updateLineItems: (lineItems) => {
  const index = lineItems.map(item => item.key).indexOf('totalSavedContent');
  lineItems.splice(index, 1);

  return lineItems;
}
```

<Diagram caption="Cart after removing Total Saved line">
  ![Cart after removing Total Saved line](@images/dropins/cart/cart-after-remove-item.png)
</Diagram>

### Reorder items: Move primary action to the beginning

The following example moves the Checkout button to the top:

```typescript
updateLineItems: (lineItems) => {
    lineItems.map(lineItem => {
        if (lineItem.key === 'primaryActionContent') {
            lineItem.sortOrder = 50;
        }
        return lineItem;
    });

    return lineItems;
};
```

<Diagram caption="Cart after moving primary action to the beginning">
  ![Cart after moving primary action to the beginning](@images/dropins/cart/cart-after-reorder-items.png)
</Diagram>

### Group items: Group subtotal and tax in an accordion

> The following examples the subtotal and tax in an accordion:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example groups the subtotal and tax in an accordion:
```
